 Using normal git commands 

 git clone: Clones a Git repository from a remote source to your local machine, creating a copy of the entire project.

git init: Initializes a new Git repository in the current directory, setting up the necessary configuration and data structures for version control.

git config --global user.name "MohdYousuf.Dev": Sets your global Git username, associating it with your commits.

git config --global user.email "xyz": Sets your global Git email address, which is used to identify you as the author of commits.

ssh-keygen: Generates a pair of SSH (Secure Shell) keys, typically used for secure authentication when interacting with remote Git repositories.

git add .: Adds all modified and untracked files in the current directory to the staging area, preparing them for a commit.

git add <file name>: Adds a specific file to the staging area, allowing you to include it in the next commit.

git commit -m "message": Records the changes in the staging area as a new commit with a descriptive message.

git branch -M main: Renames the default branch from "master" to "main" in your Git repository.

git status: Shows the current status of your Git working directory, indicating which files are modified or staged.

git branch: Lists all branches in your Git repository, highlighting the current branch.

git push -u origin main: Pushes your local changes to a remote repository (typically on a Git hosting service like GitHub) and sets up a tracking relationship for the "main" branch.

git rm: Deletes a file from both your working directory and the Git repository.

git rm --cached: Removes a file from the staging area but keeps it in your working directory.

git checkout -b <name>: Creates and checks out a new branch with the specified name.

touch sample.txt: Creates an empty file named "sample.txt" in the current directory.

ls -lart: Lists files and directories in the current directory, with details and sorted by modification time in reverse order.

git log: Displays a chronological list of commits in the repository, showing commit hashes, authors, dates, and commit messages.

git log -p -2: Shows the last two commits and the differences (patch) introduced by each commit.

git diff: Displays the differences between the working directory and the most recent commit.

git status -s: Provides a shorter, more concise summary of the current Git repository status.

touch .gitignore: Creates a new .gitignore file, which is used to specify files and directories that should be ignored by Git.

git remote -v: Lists the remote repositories associated with your Git project, showing their URLs.

git remote set-url origin git@github.com:MohdYousufDev/Learing_Git.git: Changes the URL of the remote named "origin" to use SSH for authentication when interacting with the remote Git repository.

These Git commands and actions are essential for managing and collaborating on projects using Git version control. 🚀🔗